# CSC-456-Modern-Software-Engineering--Project-Proposal
Project Name: NYC Cuisine Explorer

Pitch: NYC Cuisine Explorer will be a React.js web app that shows local restaurants, cafes, and food trucks to the user based on their location, specified interests, and diet restrictions. It will use Google Maps API or an open source alternative like OpenStreetMap in the Leaflet.js library to get this information. The site can dynamically change based on data if nearby restaurants are too crowded or have an ongoing promotion. The layout will look like Netflix, so users can explore options without scrolling trhough a map like on the Google Maps app/website, offering a more streamlined and convenient user experience.

Description: The webs app will be a full stack site using React.js as the frontend, MySQL or PostgreSQL as the database to store information, and will use Python Flask API as the backend, alongside any other necessary libraries/frameworks. It will look like Netflix as opposed to Google Maps to offer a more convenient way to browse food options and offer a more accessible way to filter restaurants based on diet and price restrictions. It will have an image of a nearby restaurant that automatically scrolls to the next option similar to Netflix displaying a show, if the user enables their location. If they do not, it can show popular restaurants in NYC by default The user can scroll down and look at the restuarant options and filter by diet and/or price restriction. The information can be retreived from the restaurant site/Google reviews using Google Maps API or a free alternative. 

The web app can also have the capability to allow users to login with their Google account and leave reviews and comments on the website itself. This website will be more convenient than Yelp because it will allow you to look through diet restrictions (vegetarian, halal, etc.) and price options (will be in ten dollar increments) more easily and more accurately. There can be a sidebar on the website to let you look through restaurants you have visited, saved, and reviewed. There could also be a section on the sidebar to report bugs and request new features. 

Primary Users: 
